An initial blog setup with Hugo (#1)
pyodide/pyodide-blog: README.md

# Pyodide blog

The contents of the Pyodide blog

## Build locally

To build locally clone this repository, and update submodules
```
cd pyodide-blog
git submodule update --init --recursive
```
then build the blog with Hugo,
```
hugo server -D
```

Note: the Linux Hugo executable is included in this repo. If you are on Linux,

> change all `hugo` commands by `./hugo`. Otherwise if you are on a different OS,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change all `hugo` commands to `./hugo`. Otherwise if you are on a different OS,
```

Reviewer: Is it really a good idea to include the linux binary in the repo? Why not just tell people to `sudo apt-get install hugo`?

Reviewer: Oh:
>This option is not recommended because the Hugo in Linux package managers for Debian and Ubuntu is usually a few versions behind as described here

Author: Yes, since apt is not recommended, the solution is to go to their Github release and download the .tar.gz with the binary. Maybe I should have just said that in the README. Also since this was originally a personal repo that I moved here, this PR is not made in the branch of a fork, the file is going to stay in git history even if I remove it now I believe. Unless one starts rewriting history with git filter-branch. 

Anyway I agree that it's not ideal, but it's 40MB not that critical either.

you would need to [install
Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/).

## Contributing

> We accept guest post for interesting Pyodide use cases.
> 
> If you would like to propose a post,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We accept guest posts. If you would like to propose a post,
```

 - please open an issue with a brief description.
 - Once the general post idea is approved, run,
   ```
   hugo new posts/<post-url>.md
   ```
   and open a PR with the contents of your post in markdown in that file.

Proposals from existing Pyodide contributors will be given preference.

## License

> The source code for configuration files is distributed under MPL 2.0 license.

Reviewer: If we changed it to apache, this should be updated too?
